README.md, before:

# AdoptMe

AdoptMe is a website built with React and Vite that allows users to find and adopt pets based on animal breed and location. It utilizes the Adopt Pets API to fetch and display available pets.

## Features

- Search for pets by animal breed and location
- View detailed information about each pet, including their name, age, breed, and description
- Contact the pet owner for adoption inquiries

## Live Preview

You can preview the website by clicking [here](https://amoghkrishna55.github.io/AdoptMe).

## Installation

1. Clone the repository:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/your-username/AdoptMe.git
   ```

2. Install dependencies:

   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

3. Start the development server:

   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```

4. Open your browser and navigate to `http://localhost:3000` to view the website.

## Usage

- Enter the desired animal breed and location in the search bar.
- Click the "Search" button to fetch and display pets matching the specified criteria.
- Click on a pet card to view more details about the pet.
- Use the provided contact information to inquire about adopting a pet.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! If you have any suggestions or improvements, please open an issue or submit a pull request.

## License

This project is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

## Acknowledgements

- [Adopt Pets API](https://pets-v2.dev-apis.com/) - The API used to fetch pet data.
- [Vite](https://vitejs.dev/) - The build tool used to bundle the website.
- [React](https://reactjs.org/) - The JavaScript library used to build the website.
- [GitHub Pages](https://pages.github.com/) - The hosting service used to deploy the website.

Commit message:

Add React Router and React Query for navigation and data handling

README.md, after:

# AdoptMe

AdoptMe is a website built with React and Vite that allows users to find and adopt pets based on animal breed and location. It utilizes the Adopt Pets API to fetch and display available pets. The application uses React Router for navigation and React Query for data fetching, caching, and state updates.

## Features

- Search for pets by animal breed and location
- View detailed information about each pet, including their name, age, breed, and description
- Contact the pet owner for adoption inquiries
- Navigate through the application using React Router
- Data fetching, caching, and state updates are handled by React Query

## Live Preview

You can preview the website by clicking [here](https://amoghkrishna55.github.io/AdoptMe).

## Installation

1. Clone the repository:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/your-username/AdoptMe.git
   ```

2. Install dependencies:

   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

3. Start the development server:

   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```

4. Open your browser and navigate to `http://localhost:3000` to view the website.

## Usage

- Enter the desired animal breed and location in the search bar.
- Click the "Search" button to fetch and display pets matching the specified criteria.
- Click on a pet card to view more details about the pet.
- Use the provided contact information to inquire about adopting a pet.
- Navigate through the application using the React Router.
- Data fetching, caching, and state updates are handled by React Query.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! If you have any suggestions or improvements, please open an issue or submit a pull request.

## License

This project is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

## Acknowledgements

- [Adopt Pets API](https://pets-v2.dev-apis.com/) - The API used to fetch pet data.
- [Vite](https://vitejs.dev/) - The build tool used to bundle the website.
- [React](https://reactjs.org/) - The JavaScript library used to build the website.
- [React Router](https://reactrouter.com/) - The library used for handling routing in the application.
- [React Query](https://react-query.tanstack.com/) - The library used for fetching, caching, synchronizing and updating server state.
- [GitHub Pages](https://pages.github.com/) - The hosting service used to deploy the website.
